# rgb
We&#39;re going to explore a website that you run right on your desktop today. Use a text document to answer the questions.

1.  Open the index.html file inside of the rgb folder. [x]

2.  Play the game for a few minutes, get to know it, change the difficulty. [x]

    a.  How would you expand the game? What options or settings could you add? [" (1) Add a setting to input gradients giving 1 of the options in RGB and the other color you would have to guess at the end point. (2) With the gradient option you could also make it where you guess the RGB of a selected point within the graident. (3) Add HEXCODE outputs."]

3.  Using this documentation https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Introduction to guide you: 

    a.  What is the DOM? ["Document Object Model - A data structure that is comprised of the objects and content that makes up the structure of the document on a web page. "]

    b.  When is the DOM different than HTML? ["HTML is a markup language that is parsed by the browser and turned into the DOM"]

    c.  What is the state of the DOM when you first load the page?["The page is completely loaded, everything is working properly."]

    d.  What is the state of the DOM if you turn off JavaScript and refresh the page? ["The JS file is hidden from the DOM and the webpage becomes static to the preset CSS styling."]

4.  Now let's explore the code. Use the inspector to investigate the HTML, CSS and Javascript. 

    a.  Which parts of UI are being generated by the HTML file? The CSS? The JavaScript? ["HTML = The buttons, title, and score; CSS = The styling to the web page I.E. colors, placement of text, and the clickable boxes are added in but only given a single color; JavaScript = The functionality the game has, for example allowing you to be given a RGB code to guess the correct color that corresponds, Also makeing the 6 boxes take different colors to allow you to guess and give variety"]

    b.  What happens inside the CSS file when you click on various elements in the page? [" Nothing happens, because the CSS is the only the preface styles applied to the elements prior to the JS loading in."]

        i.  What elements does the CSS file change? ["body, div, h1, button"] 

    c.  What happens inside the HTML file when you click on various elements in the page? ["Nothing changes inside the HTML file when clicking on the elements."]

    d.  Use breakpoints in the JavaScript to walk through what happens when you click on various elements on the page. 

        ii.  What happens when you click on the winning color block? ["All 6 boxes change to the winning color, the name of the color replaces the RGB code, the new color button is changed to play again, and +5 points are added to your score."]

        iv.  What HTML and CSS elements can JavaScript change? ["You can use JS to modify any HTML element or CSS property of those elements"]]

        vi.  Why does it persist through closing the page? ["because the data is stored to the local storage"]

        vii.  Using this documentation: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/sessionStorage change the JavaScript file to use session storage instead of local storage. 

        viii.  What's different about the way the score is kept now? ["The score is kept per session, meaning when the session is ended the score will reset."]

        ix.  When you win what happens when the title changes? ["The title changes from a RGB code to a closly relative name for that color."]

        x.  What does Asynchronous mean in the context of JavaScript?["This allows you to perform long network requests without blocking the main thread since JavaScript is a single-threaded programming language"] 

        xi.  What is the fetch function inside of updateColorName? ["The fetch function is a GET request inside updateColorName"]

        xii.  What does it do? ["It pulls a new RGB color code from an outside source."]

        xiii.  What's an alternative to using fetch? ["Axios"]

        xiv.  Why use one over the other? ["Backward compatibility with out of date browsers"]

5.  Add comments to the JavaScript code explaining what you think each function does. [Done]

6.  As you went through this process which of the 3E's did you draw from most? How?["Curiosity, Observation Skills, and Deal with Uncertainty" How - "Because I asked questions when I felt I needed to understand how it was a certain way, I gathered information from the surrounding code to be able to figure out the whys, and When unsure of why I was able to be able to ask the right questions to figure out the reasoning]

    a.  Curiosity, Deal with Uncertainty, Observation Skills["Read answer to question 6"]

7.  Push your changes to Git.

Other Resources: 

- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/sessionStorage

- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Introduction

- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage

- https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/javascript